http://stackoverflow.com/questions/24180527/argparse-required-arguments-listed-under-optional-arguments

Parameters starting with `-` or `--` are usually considered optional. All other parameters are positional parameters and as such required by design (like positional function arguments). It is possible to require optional arguments, but this is a bit against their design. Since they are still part of the non-positional arguments, they will still be listed under the confusing header “optional arguments” even if they are required. The missing square brackets in the usage part however show that they are indeed required.

See also the [documentation](https://docs.python.org/3/library/argparse.html#required):

> In general, the argparse module assumes that flags like -f and --bar indicate optional arguments, which can always be omitted at the command line.
>
> **Note:** Required options are generally considered bad form because users expect options to be optional, and thus they should be avoided when possible.

That being said, the headers *“positional arguments”* and *“optional arguments”* in the help are generated by two argument groups in which the arguments are automatically separated into. Now, you could “hack into it” and change the name of the optional ones, but a far more elegant solution would be to create another group for “required named arguments” (or whatever you want to call them):

    parser = argparse.ArgumentParser(description='Foo')
    parser.add_argument('-o', '--output', help='Output file name', default='stdout')
    requiredNamed = parser.add_argument_group('required named arguments')
    requiredNamed.add_argument('-i', '--input', help='Input file name', required=True)
    parser.parse_args(['-h'])

<!-- -->

    usage: [-h] [-o OUTPUT] -i INPUT
    
    Foo
    
    optional arguments:
      -h, --help            show this help message and exit
      -o OUTPUT, --output OUTPUT
                            Output file name
    
    required named arguments:
      -i INPUT, --input INPUT
                            Input file name